New Readme (#22)
adfinis-sygroup/timed-chart: README.md

> # Timed Application

Reviewer: Can you replace this with a very quick and dirty small README that mainly links the chart instead of deleting it?

# Timed Application

## Introduction
This chart runs a [timed](https://github.com/adfinis-sygroup/timed-frontend) deployment on a [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

> Current chart version is `0.2.2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I'm pretty sure adding this to the readme will only be a pain because we update it all the time.

Maybe linking the Releases tab and telling folks to look there makes sense.

Author: makes sense

Reviewer: Now that I realize that this is being autogenerated using helm-docs... does this change persist?

Reviewer: @MrStrix Sorry about the confusion. You should either revert the change I requested here or a a template to ensure that it persists running helm-docs again.

Author: I don't know if we should use helm-docs regularly. I intended to use it for initial generation only, further additions to the table can easily be done manually imo. Otherwise I'd suggest to use a specific template and pipeline to autogenerate the README.md

Author: I don't seem to get how github actions work... Job has completed but where does it put the generated README?

Author: Ah got it, it has to be created with the pre-commit hook, not by the action

Reviewer: It only complains if the README is outdated, it doesn't automate creating/updating the file.

Source code can be found here:
* timed-frontend: https://github.com/adfinis-sygroup/timed-frontend
* timed-backend: https://github.com/adfinis-sygroup/timed-backend

## Prerequisites

* Kubernetes 1.17+
* PV provisioner support in the underlying infrastructure
* Helm 3

## Installing the Chart
To install the chart with the release name `my-release` run the following command:

```bash
$ helm repo add timed https://adfinis-sygroup.github.io/timed-chart

> $ helm install timed/timed--set ingress.hosts={"test-timed.k8s-dev.sycloud.ch"} --name my-release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ helm install my-release timed/timed --set ingress.hosts={"test-timed.example.com"}
```

Author: fixed

```

> The command deploys Timed on the Kubernetes cluster in the default configuration and sets an ingress hostname for external access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command deploys Timed on a Kubernetes cluster and sets an ingress hostname for external access.
```

Author: fixed

For simple testing without any persistence you can run the following:

```bash

> $ helm install --set ingress.hosts={"test-timed.k8s-dev.sycloud.ch"} --set postgresql.persistence.enabled=false --name test-release timed/timed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ helm install test-release timed/timed --set ingress.hosts={"test-timed.example.com"} --set postgresql.persistence.enabled=false
```

Author: fixed
